Added notes about DDEV cron (#1626)
contao/docs: docs/manual/guides/local-installation/ddev.en.md

ddev add-on get ddev/ddev-phpmyadmin && ddev restart
```

With `ddev describe` you can find out how to access the respective database tool.

## DDEV Cronjob einrichten

> {{< version-tag "5.5" >}} The [backend search](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/installation/system-requirements/backend-search/) can be activated by setting up the [Contao cronjob framework](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/performance/cronjobs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< version-tag "5.5" >}} The [back end search](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/installation/system-requirements/backend-search/) can be activated by setting up the [Contao cronjob framework](https://docs.contao.org/manual/en/performance/cronjobs/).
```

To do this, first install the [cron add-on](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-cron) in DDEV:

```shell
ddev add-on get ddev/ddev-cron
```

Then create a `/.ddev/web-build/contao.cron` file with the following content:

```shell
* * * * * php /var/www/html/vendor/bin/contao-console contao:cron
```

Then restart the DDEV project/container:

```shell
ddev restart
```

> The Contao cronjob is executed every minute. When setting up for the first time, it may take 1-2 minutes before the search bar is available in the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Contao cronjob is executed every minute. When setting up for the first time, it may take 1-2 minutes before the search bar is available in the back end.
```
